the episode picks up from the last one
the reapers ambushing maggie's group in
the woods killing some of them
scattering the group and them just
realizing how scary and intense the
reapers can be
carol and aaron has a disagreement on
what the best way is to move forward
carol in a lot of ways feels responsible
about blowing up the cave when connie
was still inside so she carries this
massive amount of guilt and she feels
that everything that has happened to
alexandria is somehow her fault
maggie continues to be hunted by the
reapers she managed to get inside a
building and hide herself
later sherry unites with all them but
they were found by the reapers negan was
able to save maggie from a reaper but
alden was badly hurt
even your enemies deserve that much
back in alexandria judith and herschel
are playing with the other kids trying
to find a little bit of normalcy even in
the midst of a crisis
carol rosita magna and kelly retrieve
some of the community's escaped horses
however carol is forced to slaughter one
of them to provide food for the starving
community
aldem insists that he can't continue
because of the injury and requests to be
left behind
obeying alden's wishes maggie and negan
moved on to retrieve supplies from the
supply depot in arbor hills
you